Fix issue #7503: [Docs] yugabyte db transaction isolation level default value (#7524)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/architecture/design-goals.md

### Multi-row ACID transactions

> YugabyteDB supports multi-row transactions with both `Serializable` and `Snapshot isolation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB supports multi-row transactions with two isolation levels: `Serializable` isolation, and `Snapshot Isolation` (also called "repeatable read").
```

- The [YSQL](../../api/ysql/) API supports both `Serializable` and `Snapshot Isolation` (default) using the PostgreSQL isolation level syntax of `SERIALIZABLE` and `REPEATABLE READ` respectively. 
- The [YCQL](../../api/ycql/dml_transaction/) API supports only `Snapshot Isolation` (default) using the `BEGIN TRANSACTION` syntax.

> {{< warning title="Warning" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< tip title="YSQL vs PostgreSQL isolation levels" >}}
```

> See the [table](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/explore/transactions/isolation-levels/) about transaction isolation levels in YugabyteDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [table of isolation levels](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/explore/transactions/isolation-levels/) to learn how YSQL's isolation levels map to the levels defined by PostgreSQL.
```

> {{< /warning >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< /tip >}}
```

### Multi-row ACID transactions

> YugabyteDB supports multi-row transactions with two isolation levels: `Serializable` isolation, and `Snapshot Isolation` (also called "repeatable read").

Reviewer: Six of one, half-dozen of the other. Pick what you like better. :)
